Hello Everyone!

I hope you all had a great summer! Unfortunately, school has started now. Fortunately, juggling club is here to alleviate some of that stress! There are two points I want to hit as far as the club goes:

Meetings - I haven't set a meeting time yet because I want input from students who show interest at Celebration of Mines, which flows nicely into my second point.

Celebration of Mines - This club fair will be this Friday from 5:30-8:30 on the North IM fields and, naturally, we will be there. Bring your friends, come hang out at the booth, it'll be a good time.

After the Celebration, I will send out an email to members new and old with a survey about what times work best for meetings. Based on the responses, I will reserve some Ballrooms and let everyone know where and when meetings will be this semester. If you have any questions, feel free to shoot me an email!

See you Friday,
Henry
Hello Jugglers!

It was great to see some of you at Celebration of Mines, it looks like this year is going to turn out great! As promised, here is the link to a survey on what times work best for everyone. Try to answer to Thursday and by Friday I'll have some rooms picked out for us for the rest of the semester!

Have a good one,
Henry

Hi everyone!

The results are in and Juggling Club is going to be meeting Wednesdays 6 pm - 8 pm, almost always in Ballroom D. I have to say almost always because some silly event seems to have reserved pretty much every Ballroom for the next two weeks (something about careers and possibly a fair). Anyway, this week the meeting will be Wednesday (9/7) from 6-8 on Kafadar (or whats left of it). Come hang out and enjoy the nice weather! If you have any questions, feel free to email me.

See you then,
Henry
Greetings Jugglers,

If you know me, then there's one thing I love and its keeping you all on your toes. You think the meeting is at 6? BAM! its actually at 5:30. Oh, I'll just go to Kafadar. SUPRISE! It's in Ballroom D. and boy, do I have a doozy for you this week. 5:00, yes 5:00 pm to 7:00 on Kafadar, but still on Wednesday. I fear too much change at once may overwhelm even our more senior members.

Have a good one,
Henry

tl;dr - Tomorrow (9/5) from 5-7 on Kafadar
Hi everyone!

Well, my suspicions are confirmed; looks like the weather is going to be a little to cool to have juggling club outside. As such, we will be meeting today (10/12) from 6-8pm in Ballroom D. Notice it could start at either 6pm or 6am, I will leave that up to you to decide.

See you then,
Henry
Hello,

I'm writing here I sit, cursing my work ethic
For not jotting down this message until the last minute

You read my words while I, sleep the whole night away
but that's because I know the whole club will show up tomorrow
In Ballroom D we meet, from six to eight pm
where we all juggle while listening to some good music

... To be continued

See you tomorrow,
Henry

tl;dr - Tomorrow (11/16) from 6-8 pm in Ballroom D

Also in case you are confused: go to 1:19
and yes, I'm lazy, I thought starting a message half way through a lyric verse was a good idea. Sue me.

Hi everyone!

Wanna hear a joke?? A witch, a turkey, and Santa Clause are all standing in line. Santa Clause gets tired of standing at the back of the line, so he cuts in front of not only the turkey but also the witch! A lot of people complain Santa should stay at the end of the line but despite these good intentions he keeps creeping further up the line.

This has absolutely nothing to do with juggling club. Thank you for taking the time to read my punchlineless joke. Juggling is tomorrow (11/30) from 6-8 in Ballroom D.

See you then,
Henry

P.S. - If I had waited one more minute to send this email I would have had to edit it (since it is 11:59 pm by my clock)
Hey Jugglers,

It's that time of year again! Time for a new semester and new resolutions to boot (if you choose to do that sort of thing). I know ALL of you have some sort juggling aspect to your New Years resolutions, like finally learning five balls *cough* or even learning four clubs *cough cough* or maybe even learning at all! Whatever it is, you should come to the juggling club meetings, which brings me to the point of this email.

Follow this link to get to a survey about what times work best for you and I'll choose a meeting time that works best for as many folks as possible. Try to answer by the end of this week and I'll get some rooms booked for us!

Happy New Year!
-Henry

tl;dr - Answer this survey by Friday

Hello all,

Fear not, it is I, your steadfast leader. Today I bring the good news. No, not that good news, the other good news. The meeting with week will be tomorrow (2/1) from 5:30-7:30 in Ballroom C (no, that's not a typo). This is a great way to herald in the new month and also explore a Ballroom we never got a chance to last semester. Yes, I know, its VERY exciting. Don't miss such a rare opportunity, and share good company while you're at it.

See you tomorrow,
Henry

tl;dr - Wedensday (2/1) from 5:30-7:30 in Ballroom C.
Hi Everyone,

To pay homage to my cryptography class, I will be encoding this weeks time and place using a Caesar Cipher. It will also possibly be the worst encrypted message of all time because I will also give you the key, which is (a).

This week's meeting will be tomorrow (2/8) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom E.

Looking back I have have chosen a poor key... If you actually want a slight challenge, here is another message with an unknown Caesar key:

M'q xlmromrk efsyx e tmdde tevxc, xlsyklxw?

I enjoy your remarks on the matter.

See you tomorrow,
Henry

tl;dr - Tomorrow (2/8) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom E. Also this for the curious yet lazy.

Hi Everyone!

There it is. Another Career Day done and dusted. Unless of course you got some interviews in which case I wish you the best of luck! For the rest of you who want nothing more than a safe space from all the career drama, I offer the safe haven of juggling club! No talk about internships or reps advertising their company, it's great! That being said, I'd like to inform you of this great brand new startup DauCo! It's great and awesome!! I don't really know what we do yet, but that's the beauty because we'll do everything!*Contracts subject to owner approval. We also offer great benefits including:

    A comprehensive health plan! Everyone gets a weekly allowance of Sprite, Chia tea, and chicken noodle soup!
    Complete dental coverage provided by the employee who draws the short straw! (After all, we do do everything)
    401K Matching! (up to 1% of hourly wage)
    8 company holidays! Two less than the National Requirement!
    Constant construction in the office space! 
    A consistent 9 to 5 Schedule! (9 pm to 5 pm)
    Every increasing vacation time according to this equation: Days off = floor(e^(-1/x)) where x is years with the company!

With benefits like these, who needs a salary! So come work at DauCo, and I promise you won't be disappointed!


Also the meeting this week will be tomorrow (2/15) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom B. Yes, you read that right, Ballroom B. Probably could have made the email themed around that... or Valentines day...


See you tomorrow at the annual DauCo info session!

-DauCo CEO Henry
Hi everyone!

Sorry, just a boring email this week. I know, I know, its just that there like a lot going on and I just need to write the email before tomorrow.

"Oh, so you don't care about the club now???"

No! That's not it, I just have a lot on my plate and I want you to know where the meeting is!

"No. I understand. It's OK. I don't even read the emails anyway, I just read the tl;dr"

Well that's fine, after all that is why I put it there, but do you really not read the emails? I do try to make them interesting and unique...

"Nope"

Not even a little...?

"..."

:(

"Fine, I do like them, I'm just mad because this one was so halfhearted"

Yay! I knew it! This week's meeting will be tomorrow (2/22) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom E. I'll see you there!

-Henry

tl;dr - I'm a little nuts from homework and the meeting is tomorrow (2/22) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom E

Yes this was an accurate retelling of the internal dialogue I had when writing the email....

Hi everyone,

Today (3/1) from 5:30 - 7:30 in Ballroom E.

Thanks,
Henry

-Brevity is the spice of life... or something like that.

tl;dr - 3/1 5:30 - 7:30 E

Hello everyone,

I am doing some science. I am seeing how late I can send out the email and still have people show up. This is not some desperate cover up for the fact that juggling club is in 2 1/2 hours and the email still hasn't been sent out. It's science. 

Anyway we are in Ballroom E this week, tonight from 5:30 - 7:30.

See you there,
Henry

Hi people, 

So funny story, I don't have a laptop right now and so now I get to type this on a phone, yay! I blame all lack of wit and succinctness on writing with thumbs rather than my 10 tried and true soilders. I now take a step back and realize I could have typed something meaningful by now, but every word takes time so erasing is heartbreaking.

Anyway, due to popular demand we will be outside on Kafadar from 5-7. Note the time change! If the weather really doesn't cooperate well move back to Ballroom E, but until then we'll be outside.

See you then,
Henry

Hello Everyone,

Meeting Info
This email might get a bit long, so I'll put the tl;dr here. It looks like the weather won't be too great tomorrow, so we'll be inside tomorrow (5/3) in Ballroom E from 5-7 pm. This is the last meeting of the year, so if you've been threatening to come out to a meeting but haven't made it out yet, now is your last chance!

Officer Stuff
Now for everything else. First off I would like to congratulate our new officers! Our new treasurer is none other than our very own Matt Kowalsky and the new president is *drum roll please* Patrick Nichols!! There is no doubt in my mind the club can only improve under their leadership.

Summer Stuff
I here tell there are some folks who might be around over the summer, and also some folks who enjoy juggling. If you are at the intersection of such a Venn-diagram, you should let me know! I'll put together a summer email group and we can figure out some times to meet and relax over the summer. Just reply to this email with some sort of coherent message saying as much and I'll do the rest!

*Sentimental Alert*
I have to say, it's a little bittersweet passing on the torch. I've sent these emails out for three years now! It started off with about 100 folks on the list and it currently goes out to about 150 people, so good on you guys getting signed up and padding our numbers (even if you don't show up for meetings :) ). I hope that these messages haven't been too intrusive, and hey, maybe they even made you laugh every once in a while. It has been such a blast meeting all of you and being president these last few years. It has been such an honor and I hope you all enjoy your time here as much as I did! Thank you all for making this club so amazing!!!

Signing off,
Henry